fixing-typo (#689)
meshery/meshery.io: README.md

## What is Meshery?

> Meshery is a multi-service mesh management plane adopting, operating, and developing on different service meshes. Meshery facilitates learning about the functionality and performance of service meshes. It incorporates the collection and display of metrics from applications running on or across service meshes. At a high level, Meshery provides performance benchmarking, service mesh lifecycle management, and service mesh interoperability and federation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meshery is the management plane for developing, deploying, and operating cloud native infrastructure and applications. Among other features, Meshery facilitates learning about the functionality and performance of service meshes. It incorporates the collection and display of metrics from applications running on or across service meshes. At a high level, Meshery provides performance benchmarking, service mesh lifecycle management, and service mesh interoperability and federation.
```

## Join the service mesh community!

<a name="contributing"></a><a name="community"></a>

> Our projects are a community-built and welcome collaboration. 👍 Be sure to see the <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/17OPtDE_rdnPQxmk2Kauhm3GwXF1R5dZ3Cj8qZLKdo5E/edit">Layer5 Community Welcome Guide</a> for a tour of resources available to you and jump into our <a href="http://slack.layer5.io">Slack</a>!

Reviewer: Thanks for this, @sonaljain067. The current grammar and meaning are correct as-is. Will you revert this particular change?

Author: Yeah

## Contributing to the Meshery.io Website

> Before contributing, please review the [Contribution Flow](https://github.com/meshery/meshery/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md). In the following steps, you will set up your development environment, fork and clone the repository, run the site locally, and finally commit, sign off, and push any changes made for review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before contributing, please review the [Contribution Flow](https://github.com/meshery/meshery/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md). In the following steps, you will setup your development environment, fork and clone the repository, run the site locally, and finally commit, sign off, and push any changes made for review.
```

### 1. Set up your development environment

> - _The Meshery site is built using Jekyll - a simple static site generator! You can learn more about Jekyll and set up your development environment in the [Jekyll Docs](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/)._

Reviewer: Let's leave this as-is. You can learn about "setting up your development environment" in the Jekyll Docs, however, you can't "set up your development environment in the Jekyll Docs". You setup your development environment on your local machine.

  ```bash
  $ make site
  ```

>   _Note: From the Makefile, this command is actually running `$ bundle exec jekyll serve --drafts --livereload`_

Reviewer: Given that this italicized note intends to convey a small insight to the reader, use of the word "actually" is befitting in that the assumption is that the reader didn't _actually_ realize what was happening behind the scenes. I suggest leaving as-is, unless you have separate justification...

#### License

> This repository and site are available as open-source under the terms of the [Apache 2.0 License](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0).

Reviewer: No, ma'am. We do not hyphenate "open source". Please revert.
